[Music] Let's
see, you're also telling me that
Yuna has exploded, let's see what happens to Yuna, let's
see, having a great community entails
a great responsibility and every day that
passes I am more proud of the people who
continue to support me Without insulting and without
having to belittle the work of
others, having an award does not imply being
better than anyone else and having more numbers in
your live streams does not imply having better or
worse content, okay, I know where
the topics are going, I've seen it on Twitter because
I've had a lot of tweets
okay from people saying that Juna's thing
was a robbery that they only gave her
the award because she's hot and they
click on her like, Oh look, here you can
see some cleavage, Oh look, here she
is in a bikini, let's see, she won. Okay,
now let's read the statement and now we'll
see because I precisely had
a clip here also of Gref. Oh if you could
put this on video for me I would appreciate it,
luare, at this moment, if you could put it
on video for me, I thought it was a clip, okay,
But she won because she had to win, she didn't
win because she [ __ ] anyone, like,
Endo was not there.
has won because she won because she was going to
win me In fact personally
if you put her next to or rather those
who were nominated brunenger gren
hair light gren hair With all due respect
eh I have nothing against gren hair
or anything like that but it seems to me a
very ordinary content okay okay and it's
funny because there are insults there are
extrafascial things okay I'm not going to go into
who comes up with more Or who comes
up with less but for me what do I know for
me of the four she is the best okay the
salsería your mouth was made by a
friar Ah well that apart gref has a
girlfriend he doesn't say it but he has a girlfriend it is
known that he has a girlfriend okay
but it is already more than rumored well he does
not confirm it because he does not talk about his
private life but I understand that he
has it it is in the doc in the gref part
okay let's see in the gref part okay here you
have it okay perfect Well we finished
reading it and we see it it is not nice that
there are people who insult because their
favorite streamer has not won an
award Of course they are also  the
communities that are doing that you
are not contributing anything positive to the
person you are supposed to be supporting
on the contrary you can seriously damage the
image of that person and the rest of the
good people who follow them as I said
in the interview whether I won or
lost I am left with the
satisfaction of having created
good varied and healthy content for my
audience with all the growth
this year which has been brutal and with the
affection of all the people who see me and
value me the truth is okay let's see how
gref explained it because Well you
know that Well Capri nezu and
cristal moly were interviewing if I remember
correctly I do know that suja and Marina
rivers in the live vertical from time
to time I would see it and despite the fact that that
live failed because our
connection failed another one from Andorra eh they
did it very well guys but
I saw Cristal Molly nezu and Capri less I saw them
less the three presenters very bad they didn't
even know who they were
stopa I said it I said it terribly very bad very
bad professionals in all three very
bad professionals all three but
I just don't understand one thing an event so
important  how is this thing with the
Iceland awards based on what do you put, I mean let's
see based on what you put the
presenters I mean I would like to know
without wanting to I imagine things based on
what they have taken and said these three
to present the red carpet have you seen them
somewhere presenting and so
delighted based on what But well you
are putting me in the chat that Agustín
has spoken about that so later we will see it
and We talk more extensively about it
but come on pathetic pathetic cystic
What happened No what happened when they
interviewed you a girl came up to me directly
and told me your first event she
said something like is your first time
here no I don't understand I can't believe it they
told Agustín that look for my
kugares to see it Now when we see
Agustín's opinion damn man No
seriously I can't believe it Well yes I
can believe it Of course I can believe it
started on the internet
last week but he didn't tell you who the [ __ ] you are
man I would have been derogatory but it was
more or less the same because asking me
less is the same as telling me who the [ __ ]
ok this about Agustín I'll watch
later ok this I'm going to watch this
later ok let's see the part about
Juna let's see what gref says because
we're looking at that Albacete in fact xry
is from Albacete and Davo is
from Pontevedra Well xcry is
Spanish but well it can be
considered practically Latino you know
something guys that I've realized
and I've reflected I think if at the
eslan awards 10 Latinos and one
Spaniard won absolutely nobody would complain
and I'm telling you that none
of us would come out and say pure Latino awards we would
say the community The streamers have decided that way
we think it's fine but it
really pisses me off that there are certain creators like Dead who I know don't have bad intentions but like Juan It's that this is to be seen later with the thing of eh come on Let's go We have in the first place there is a Clark voted
17 by and almost 18 with the
popular and professional vote making a total
of
17.24 and taking three points of
difference with respect to the second who has
been  Brunenger, both from the
streamers and the popular vote, Juna
Clark has been voted more than the second,
who has been Brunenger, in fact, quite a bit
more support in the popular vote, eh. In fact, it
makes me laugh a lot because he was
talking before about the subject of
Spanish streamers and such, which is a lie because
many more Latin streamers have voted
than Spanish ones and where Brunenger has been
supported the least has been with the
popular vote. But well, by showing the votes,
people will realize some things.
Anyway, third place goes to Lana, who has
been supported in
156, what happens is that the community
of this one and this one are the ones that make the most
noise, no more is worth it, there is no more, that's what there is
[Music]